# Optimizing an ML Pipeline in Azure

## Overview
This project is part of the Udacity Azure ML Nanodegree.
In this project, we build and optimize an Azure ML pipeline using the Python SDK and a provided Scikit-learn model.
This model is then compared to an Azure AutoML run.

## Summary
**In 1-2 sentences, explain the problem statement: e.g "This dataset contains data about... we seek to predict..."**
The dataset used for this ML pipeline is based on data collected by a Portuguese bank and contains variables related to clients, the last contact with
clients in the context of the current campaign, additional attributes related to the campaign, general economic/ social indicators and whether a client
has subscribed to a term deposit. The aim of this pipeline is to predict whether a particular client will subscribe to a term deposit or not given the
different attributes contained in the dataset.
**In 1-2 sentences, explain the solution: e.g. "The best performing model was a ..."**


## Scikit-learn Pipeline
**Explain the pipeline architecture, including data, hyperparameter tuning, and classification algorithm.**
In the Scikit-learn pipeline the data is obtained from an online source and then some simple data cleaning is performed which mainly consists of
encoding categorical variables.The algorithm used is a simple logistic regression. Hyperparameter tuning was performed for both the regularisation
inverse and the number of iterations.

**What are the benefits of the parameter sampler you chose?**

**What are the benefits of the early stopping policy you chose?**

## AutoML
**In 1-2 sentences, describe the model and hyperparameters generated by AutoML.**

## Pipeline comparison
**Compare the two models and their performance. What are the differences in accuracy? In architecture? If there was a difference, why do you think there was one?**

## Future work
**What are some areas of improvement for future experiments? Why might these improvements help the model?**
